---
layout:     post   				    # 使用的布局（不需要改）
title:      科技论文写作好用法收集			# 标题 
subtitle:    #副标题
date:       2019-07-25 				# 时间
author:     gwc 						# 作者
header-img: img/post-bg-2015.jpg 	#这篇文章标题背景图片
catalog: true 						# 是否归档
tags:								#标签
    - 科研写作
---

# 科技论文写作好用法收集

## 01

想要表达一个事件发生的同时，伴随着另外一个事件的发生。

我的表达：

Hydrolysis of DNA leads to the loss of multivalent binding, and consequently, spontaneous disassembly of the formed nanoparticles, **accompanied with** fluorescence quenching. （*10.1039/C7QM00407A*）

文献表达：

The binding of Zn2+ occurs with the **concomitant** displacement of protons. （*10.1126/science.1261172*）

Concomitant在科林斯词典中的解释是：**Concomitant** is used to describe something that happens at the same time as another thing and <u>is connected with it</u>.

## 02

表达性质 property, feature, quality

**attribute**做名词时的用法

An **attribute** is a quality or feature that someone or something has. (*科林斯*)

例：Transferability is a key **attribute** of a force field. （*Molecular modelling - priniciples and applications, p. 165*）
## 03
解释某个现象的原因

**This may be attributed to** water sorption by free RAMEB, that is, RAMEB molecules that did not interact with the sandy soils.（*Anal. Chem.* 2001, 73, 5858）

**A possible explanation for this effect can be attributed to** an increased density and viscosity of the milk–NaOH phase when NaOH concentration increases. （*Anal. Chem.* 2001, 73, 5858）

**This potentially indicates that** RAMEB decreases the amount of wateravailable surfaces in clay-rich soils, similar to what was observed for pure clay minerals.（*Anal. Chem.* 2001, 73, 5858）

For soil S5 of medium clay content (25%), the effect of RAMEB on water sorption was small, **which can reﬂect** a balance between the two tendencies described above.（*Anal. Chem.* 2001, 73, 5858）

## 04
Significantly的同义词

Markedly